---
date: '2023-12-26T05:00:00.000Z'
title: Bayview's Got Talent 2023
tagline: I sang The Christmas Song
preview: >-
  The cover is a graphic design I made for our Instagram account as a recap of the event.
image: /images/Talent Show.png
---
*The cover is a graphic design I made for our Instagram account as a recap of the event.*

### The Planning

When the **Student Council** noticed a growing interest in the performing arts among students, we realized that many felt overlooked in traditional music events. This sparked the idea to organize a **Winter Talent Show** as part of our activities. While the **Music Council** primarily focused on musical performances, we recognized that many students possessed talents in **dance**, **drama**, and other forms of art that deserved a platform.

To create an inclusive event, we set up a talent show welcoming all forms of performance, ensuring every student could showcase their unique skills. Here’s how we made it happen:

- **Auditions**: I organized auditions to curate the final setlist.
- **Promotion**: We spread the word through vibrant posters and announcements.
- **Venue**: Secured a buy-out format within the gym for the show during period 5.

Additionally, we wanted to make a positive impact. So, we decided to donate the proceeds to **360°kids**, a local charity supporting at-risk and homeless youth. This decision allowed us to celebrate our school’s talents while also thinking of other youth who may not have the same opportunities.

### Break a Leg

The night of the talent show was unforgettable! One of the coolest performances was a live **osu!** game, although we faced some technical difficulties with the sound system.

I also had the honor of performing at the event. I sang **"The Christmas Song,"** accompanied by another student council member on the piano. Honestly, this was probably one of the hardest performances I've ever attempted. The song was a bit too low for my vocal range, and I struggled with some key changes. Despite the challenges, I was thrilled with how it turned out!


